Reflective Analysis 

This map plots individual data points which include major international airports, sea plane bases, military airports, private airports and heliports across the world. Since this was a map that looked at airports on a global scale, I set the intial centre to start as a 'world view' which allows the user to gain a general overview of airport distributions. While zooming out, since the points almost merge with each other, it creates a 'pseudo-density' map. For example, the US East-Coast has many more points that are more densely packed together than Sub-Saharan Africa. This in a way allows a user to gauge population distributions across the planet. 

I chose to use a darker canvas, with international boundaries as white to clearly demarcate countries. Features such as national parks, roads, buildings were set to merge into the background as they are not important information and allows for a more streamlined visual heirarchy. Circles were blue and set to an opacity of 0.7 so as one zooms out, the piling of these points create 'darker' spots which almost create a density map. 

In terms of zoom level, on the 'world scale' the filter box at the side shows every single airport name. Moving the mouse over the name creates a pop-up box over the point which shows the position of the airport. Zooming in a particular region starts to filter out the airport names that are not in view. 

This map can be improved in multiple ways as firstly it is not a completely functioning map. For example, while the zoom + filtering worked, I was unable to create pop-up boxes as one mouses over the actual map. In addition, I wanted the filter feature to be able to recognize IATA and ICAO codes - for example, if someone was to write PDX in the filter box, the map would zoom into the Portland International Airport. I also tried to link official wikipedia pages to each of the airports. However in the current map, while clicking on the airport name it throws a 404 error. My original data set included a lot of meta such as runway lengths, elevation, number of carriers and number of direct flights. In future maps (as I get more warmed up to coding) it would be nice to include these points (e.g different circle diameters for runway lenghts etc. 

Find the map here: https://nayanikas.github.io/webmap/International_Airports.html
